adding rum-cli-examples (#8984)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/rum/tag-resource.rst

> **To assigns one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified CloudWatch resource**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To assign one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified CloudWatch resource**
```

> The following ``tag-resource`` assigns one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified CloudWatch resource. If the command succeeds, no output is returned. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``tag-resource`` example assigns one or more tags (key-value pairs) to the specified CloudWatch resource.  ::
```

> 	aws rum tag-resource \

Reviewer: Same here. All of these indents need to be 4 spaces each and not tab indenting.
For more information: https://aws.github.io/aws-cli/docs_styleguide.html#general

		--resource-arn arn:aws:rum:us-west-1:123456789012:appmonitor/MyWebApp \
		--tags Key=Environment,Value=Production

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This command produces no output.

```
